doc: add AI guidelines (#17365)
rook/rook: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] **Commit Message Formatting**: Commit titles and messages follow guidelines in the [developer guide](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Contributing/development-flow/#commit-structure).
- [ ] Reviewed the developer guide on [Submitting a Pull Request](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Contributing/development-flow/#submitting-a-pull-request)

> - [ ] Reviewed [AI guidelines](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Contributing/ai-guidelines), if necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Reviewed [AI guidelines](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Contributing/ai-guidelines), if AI assisted with the PR.
```
